and in fact became the legendary
swallow on ddr streets yes so too
something like a secret queen of one
the first time in february 1964 from the band
ran and the june showed the one
jubilee celebrates its fiftieth anniversary today
birthday in suhl still today
many offer
she has most of the years on her hump
she belongs to so-called 0 series it
the tenth swallow ever and the
probably oldest still existing 20 years
she existed in a garage out of this
winter, the owners found out what
for a honey that is actually mine
grandpa has the song as a tool
worked and earned again
were allowed the products from the season before
That's why he never got 28 years
after the last swallows from the band
rolled barely rolled
Half a million of the cult vehicles
over german roads
they are easy to fix and
That all spare parts are still
available
because on swallow or black after the
insolvency of the manufacturer samsung has
the suhler company mza the copyrights
purchased for the components
now is on the same terrain on
produces as in ddr times the
Demand has been rising for years
but a new construction of the swallow is not
in sight
[Music]
Please note the rules must be observed
I just have not expected to make
Also other charges are not like
looks to be DDR times for all old
vehicles registered until 1992
however exceptions that their
so they keep swallows 60 instead of just
45 km h
are the followers they stay the
old completely under